Wanting to create a task management system.
The application must be accessible from both through a web browser and android application.

For the web access, the application needs to get the username and password.
For the mobile application, the application needs to remember the user’s credentials.

It is also required that the application should be able to be hosted on a on-prem server, i.e. on an Ubuntu server.

For user management:
1.	This section of the application to not required to be accessed by the mobile 
2.	The defined administrators will only have access to modify these details
3.	The following information will be required to be capture against the user:
3.1.	first name
3.2.	surname
3.3.	email address (used by the user to login)
3.4.	Is administrator?
3.5.	Security groups that this user belongs to
3.6.	An active flag
For Security groups:
1.	This section of the application to not required to be accessed by the mobile application
2.	The defined administrators will only have access to modify these details
3.	The name of the security group
4.	The members of the security group
Task management:
1.	This section needs to be accessible from both the web and mobile client
2.	All users must have the facility to add tasks
3.	The following fields will be required for tasks:
3.1.	Name of the task
3.2.	Task category (dropdown list managed by the administrators)
3.3.	Task owner (dropdown list of all users)
3.4.	Assigned to (dropdown list of all users)
3.5.	Task description (multi line)
3.6.	Notes (a facility for the user to add multiple notes against the task)
3.7.	Child tasks
3.8.	Priority (dropdown list managed by the administrators)
3.9.	Due date
3.10.	Start date
3.11.	Progress percentage (if this task has child tasks then this is calculated based on the child task percentages, else the user enters the value)
3.12.	Security groups
3.12.1.	which security groups will see this task
3.12.2.	this field will only be visible for the root parent tasks
3.12.3.	  by default (when the task is created), this list will contain a list of all security groups that the creating user belongs too
